---
tags: g0v-summit, 2020
id: 健康聲明
language: en
---
# 健康聲明說明-en

In prevention and control of COVID-19, please work with g0v Summit crew and follow the instructions carefully to protect yourself and others.

By following the instructions made by the Central Epidemic Command Center (CECC), this guide line might be changed at anytime without notice, please check [this page](https://summit.g0v.tw/2020/health-declaration) for latest instruction.

Latest update: November 17, 2020

## Prevention and Protection Strategy

- Participants shall fill out the Health Declaration Form and Building Check-In Form online when joining g0v summig events. There will be printed form for participants who are not able to filling online. The Form will be opened for submission on December 3, 2020.
- According to the CECC, a social distance of 1.5 meters(indoor) and 1 meter(outdoor) shall be maintained. People are urged to wear facemasks in crowded and cofined spaces. Every participant shall keep their facemask on during our events.
- There will be limit of number of people on each room. Please follow the instructions of our staff and not to enter if the room has reached its maximum allowance.
- If you don’t feel well or under home isolation, quarantine or self-health management, please stay at home and have a good rest.

## For Participants

- Fill out the Health Declaration Form
- Wear facemasks: Please keep your facemasks on during our events. Bringing more than one facemask is highly recommended.
- Wash your hands frequently and spray 75 percent alcohol disinfectant to clean your hands and seats.

## Personal Data Protection Declaration

All the collected data are used to prevent COVID-19 and will be deleted after 28 days. The records of entering the buildings and session rooms are solely used in response to the pandemic. g0v Summit will contact participants of a close or proximate contact of a confirmed or suspected case and provide the records for the local government and CECC of Taiwan.
