---
tags: g0v-summit, 2020
id: 共同主辦介紹
language: en
---
# 共同主辦介紹-英

## g0v jothon

g0v jothon is the task force of g0v.tw bi-monthly hackathon, there are currently six volunteers and three staff. The "jothon" organizers started organizing the g0v Hackathon since 2012, and officially formed the "jothon" team in 2014. From 2016, the "infrathon" was launched for the g0v community infrastructure project, and "CivicTech Prototype Grant" encourages g0v projects to continue its development, long-term maintenance and operation. In 2020, educational project "Sch001" launched for rethinking the role of the school from zero. The g0v jothon was supported g0v Summit 2018 working group to host g0v Summit 2018.

## g0v intl

g0v international (abbr. g0v-intl) is a g0v (pronounced “gov-zero”) community task force founded by g0vers. It builds capacity and proposes mechanisms for fellow g0vers to participate in international affairs related to the community. It hosts gatherings and facilitates connections for regional and international sharing and collaboration facing common challenges of our time.

## Facing the Ocean Meet & Hack

Facing the Ocean is a community of civic hackers living in the West Pacific Ocean.  Facing the Ocean Meet & Hack is our series of hackathon events.  By emphasizing on diversity of participants and solution-oriented activities, we hope to create and strengthen a unique experience of commonality, shared among civic hackers across countries.  We believe hearing each others' problems, finding solutions and also having a good time together, is the foundational work of building a stronger regional network.  We believe by connecting our sea of communities with openness and mutual trust, together we are more than enough to face the challenges of the ocean of future.


## Good-ideas Studio

Good-ideas Studio is located at Tainan Cultrual and Creative Park (aka B16) next to the Tainan Railway Station, which is a technial-themed co-workspace. The Studio have gathered lots of technical developers, also does cultivating and training software developers for free. The main purpose is to make a friendly space for the freshmen who want to work or initiate a company in technical industries at southern Taiwan.

## Tainan Sprout

As a role of citizens' group, we have started thinking and understanding the municipal administration in Tainan, also get involved with them to reach the purpose of supervising essentially. Running a election isn't the only way to participate politics, with various thinkings of open goverment in Internet-era, we hope to lower the thershold of caring politics for citizen. Which needs to start with everyone can participate politics, make everyone understands quickly about the situation fo administration, and discuss policy in same informations.

## Southern Taiwan Maker Center

Southern Taiwan Maker Center is a innovation plan held by Yunlin-Chiayi-Tainan Branch, Workforce Development Agency, Ministry of Labor, which is the first maker space have several  themes like female power, agriculture, circle and vocational training, also featuring maker space and co-workspace. As a outset, from "software-hardware-intergration" to "society design", we appeal the residents, entrepreneurs, designers from Tainan, Chiayi and Yunlin to thinking, discussing, making together which makes some works for social significance.

## FabLab

Fablab Tainan was founded in 2013, it is the first Fablab foothold had enroll to "Fab Foundation", a world-wide organization, built up from a bunch of enthusiastic makers. They pay close attention and grow the Maker Movement in Tainan, share their technics, active the local comunity and develop open-source hardware projects. They hope there is a day,Maker Spirit will had by everyone.

## A Break Cafe

A Cafe that "the more time you spend here, the happier the owner will be." A nest that can "Study" life and "Treat-self" nicely. Since opening, a break cafe runs their own community with using fine food ingredients, lectures and inclusive friendly space.