---
tags: g0v-summit, 2020
id: 雙年會簡介
language: en
title: 雙年會簡介-en
---
> (完成第一次翻譯 yu @2020/05/26)
> 
> 問題記錄
> 翻譯發問 網站架構-G17<雙年會簡介>:
> "公民黑客" 要翻譯成什麼? https://summit.g0v.tw/2018/
> 全部議程皆有口譯、文字記錄和直播。共筆(2018: online shared notes)
> g0v Summit 專注於實作者的經驗交流。 “實作者” activist
> 讓動手做事的人找到更多前進的動力。 action taker (google 實際上就是這個)
> 特色三／深度連結在地社群 summit會產生連結 (connecting)
> 活動場所也擴大到散步在市區的數個會場 散步是筆誤. 散佈 (Located in different places)

> online shared note
> / doer
> action taker / doer
> connecting
> Located in different places


## g0v summit 2020 features

### Feature 1 / Global citizen technology event
In previous g0v Summits, participants with rich experience from all over the world came to Taiwan.  They exchanged experiences with nearly 1,000 congregations through speeches, discussions, and workshops.

### Feature 2 / Open source collaboration
g0v Summit focuses on the exchange of experience of activists. We hope to hear speakers and participants put forward solutions to social problems, whether it is to share inspirational success stories or learn from failures. g0v Summit through the venue arrangement and agenda design, so that sincere exchanges can happen, let action-takers find more motivation to move forward.

### Feature 3 / Deeply Connecting Local Communities
g0v Summit 2020 leave Taipei for the first time and hold in Tainan. The g0v Summit teams collaborated with local partners in Tainan for one year to connect the maker communities, NGOs, cultural workers, educators in Tainan and neighboring cities, let community contributors and civic hackers, who accustomed to virtual space, gather together to listen to each other's stories and understand each other through dialogue.

## g0v Summit 2020 content
Compared to the previous g0v Summit, which lasted for 2-3 days with a single venue, g0v Summit 2020 expanded its participation and joined the local community, launching 4 consecutive days of hackathons, short talks, themed forums, free dialogue, and openness. Workshops and event venues have also been extended to several venues Located in different places in the urban area, including spaces and masses that have been operated by local communities for many years.

## What is g0v ？
Since 2012, the civic tech movement has been sweeping across the globe. G0v, a community that advocates open source, transparency of information and civic participation, also rode the wave and launched the first event that year with the slogan ""Code to refactor society"". Since then, the movement continues with no sight of ending.

Over the past 8 years, g0v has invited thousands of participants to join our hackathons and in turn created several platforms that promote open data and open government. g0v aims to reduce the digital divide and allow citizens easy access to public information, so that discussion of issues can be based on facts. It can also raise the awareness of rational discussion on public affairs.

In this open data and open government movement, the g0v community has also created a new model for the Taiwan society and the government to interact with each other.
